feat: custom RPC url env variable which overrides network config (#2873)
balancer-labs/frontend-v2: README.md

  balancerfi/frontend-v2
```

### Custom RPC urls

> To override RPC network config from `src/lib/config`, you can use the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override RPC network config set in `src/lib/config`, you can use the following environment variables:
```
